Commentary
==========

MKPersianCal is a simple way to present Persian date "Shamsi - Khorshidi". It's include one class, MKPersianCal, and occupies less than 100 kB compiled. It uses only public APIs, to show Persian date of course you can create events for your dates and ensure that your application is safe for submission to the App Store.

Installation
============

Drag two MKPersianCal.h/.m into your project 

Use
===

Invoke this elisp file with emacs --script like so:
    `$ emacs --script make-readme-markdown.el < elisp-file-to-parse.el`

(Note: you might have to redirect stderr to `/dev/null` to avoid
some pesky "loading vc-git" messages and the like...)

Output is written to stdout.

You can also pass the -nospam switch to prevent the little
"Generated by" text from showing up.

Supported syntax
================

In order for this module to do you any good, you should write your
file header comments in a way that make-readme-markdown.el
understands. An attempt has been made to support the most common
file header comment style, so hopefully you shouldn't have to do
anything...

* ';;;' at the beginning of a line for a header.
* ';;`' at the beginning of a line for a code line.
* 'o' at the beginning of a line for a list item

If there's some more syntax you would like to see supported, just
drop me a line: mitch.special@gmail.com

<div style="padding-top:15px;color: #d0d0d0;">
Markdown README file generated by
<a href="https://github.com/mgalgs/make-readme-markdown">make-readme-markdown.el</a>
</div>
